Hello and welcome to this new Tauriel.
All right.
So we prepared our while loop.
Now we're about to start it.
And guess what.
That's where of course our matrix of q values comes into play because we will figure out exactly what
this next location is.
Thanks to our matrix of values by taking in the row corresponding to the location we are right now the
highest Q value and then get the action corresponding to that highest Q value.
So the logical of what we're going to do now is very easy.
But in order to make that even easier to understand.
Well let's do it with an example in our warehouse.
OK.
So let's say first of all that the starting location location.
And remember the top priority location where we have to go is location.
And therefore what we did right now is just initialize a list which is our root list which so far only
contains the starting location that is location.
And right now what we have to do in this world loop as a first iteration is to figure out the next location
where we have to go.
And so here we have the warehouse in front of us.
It's pretty obvious next location where we have to go is location.
So how are we going to figure out that the next location where we have to go is location.
I know in terms of queue values Well that's easy.
Inside our matrix of key values we're going to find the row corresponding to location.
Each distro is actually the row of index 0 1 2 3 and 4.
That will be the row of index.
And then in the row of index 4 which is 0 1 2 3 4.
This row here in the row of index for corresponding to that location.
Well what we're going to do is find the column that has the maximum Q value which is this column and
this column corresponds to the action we have to play right now in order to reach the next location
and that's how we figure out the next location because this column corresponds to let's see the column
of index 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 that corresponds to the column with index 8 and the Culham index 8 corresponds
to exactly as we can see no mapping the location.
And here it is.
That's exactly where we have to go.
So you see that's how it works.
We have to figure out on the matrix of q values the column that has the highest value.
When we are in a specific row corresponding to the starting location and that's why right now what we
have to do is find that highest Q value.
So first of all let's get obviously the row where we are right now.
That is the road corresponding to our starting location and therefore I'm going to introduce a new variable
here that is going to be our starting state because indeed that starting state will be exactly the index
of the Roker's on into the location we are right now.
All right so remember starting location just as ending location will be the letter the letter of the
location where we start.
And therefore since right now I need an index.
Well I need to convert that letter starting location into the index of the row corresponding to that
starting location and to make that conversion of course I'm going to use the mapping we did here location
to state.
I'm going to get my location to say dictionary.
I'm going to input the key value the letter E because we're starting from location B and then this dictionary
will return exactly what we need right now.
That is index of the row corresponding to the location we are right now.
So let's do this let's get our location to state dictionary which takes as input the starting location
where we are right now that is the letter so far.
And this will return exactly the starting state because remember that the states are the indexes and
not the letters.
All right.
Perfect.
So first of all we just got the row in our matrix of q values and now the next step is to figure out
the maximum Q value.
Inside this row.
And so now based on the Prue's tutorials Can you guess what we are going into.
We're going to use a trick that we already used before.
You remember how can we get the action that maximizes the values in this row.
Well again we're going to use the very useful RMX function by name by.
Because the arguments function functional my number by Will exactly give us the action that is the column
that contains this highest Q value.
And remember this our max function returns the index of the column that is this action that corresponds
to this highest Q run.
And again remember that the action is nothing else.
And the next date that we reach by playing that action and therefore what we're going to return right
now is exactly the next state we reach by playing that action and that action we get it.
Thanks to the ARG max function.
By and by and here it's exactly the same to figure out this action that corresponds to the maximum Q
value.
Well we just need to get exactly as we did here.
But of course we are going to replace the next state by of course the starting state.
Right.
Because here we're getting the action that will give us the highest Q value in the row corresponding
to the starting state.
And here was the Roker's by into the next state.
All right.
And so that gives us the next date.
Perfect.
That gives us basically the next location where we have to go.
But remember we want to return our roots in the form of successive letters and successive indexes so
that we can read that easily.
So now what we have to do is make an inverse mapping to convert this next date which is the index of
the location where we have to go into the letter of the location.
Right.
That is in to the letter right now.
Actually this next date is index corresponding to location that is indexed 8 actually.
And we don't want to have x 8.
We want to have the letter.
So we'll have to make an inverse mapping mapping actually this time index this year to the letters.
But we're not going to do that inside this function we're actually going to make a separate tool that
we're going to put before that function that actually happens all the time you know when you're making
a function and you need it to.
Well you can make this tool either in the function but it's actually more clean and more clear to do
that separately.
So that's exactly what we're going to do in the next toile we're going to make that inversed mapping
dictionary mapping the locations indexes to the locations names.
And then we'll finish this well loop to figure out the next location and then eventually figure out
the optimal route.
All right.
So let's do this in the next tutorial and until then enjoy.